LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, MY FIRST
GUEST TONIGHT IS THE
EMMY-NOMINATED ACTOR YOU KNOW AS
JON SNOW ON "GAME OF THRONES."
PLEASE WELCOME, KIT HARINGTON!
♪ ♪ ♪
( APPLAUSE )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: THANKS FOR BEING
HERE.
I WANT YOU TO KNOW, I WANT YOU
TO KNOW, IN CASE YOU DO NOT HAVE
THE REFERENCE FOR THIS, IS THAT
NOT EVERY GUEST WHO COMES ON
GETS SQUEALS OF PLEASURE.
>> REALLY.
>> Stephen: FROM THE AUDIENCE.
VERY FEW PEOPLE GET THAT.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: WELL, NICE TO MEET
YOU.
I'VE NEVER HAD A CHANCE TO TALK
TO YOU BEFORE?
>> NO.
IT'S VERY NICE TO MEET YOU.
THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME.
>> Stephen: AND I KNOW THIS IS
A BIT OF A CHALLENGE FOR YOU
BECAUSE YOU AND OTHER MEMBERS OF
THE CAST ARE OUT HERE TALKING
ABOUT, YOU KNOW, THE FINAL
SEASON COMING UP, BUT YOU CAN'T
REALLY-- YOU CAN'T REALLY SAY
ANYTHING ABOUT WHAT'S GOING TO
HAPPEN.
>> I CAN'T SAY ANYTHING.
THAT'S THE PROBLEM.
WE'RE ALL IN THE SAME BOAT, ALL
OF US IN THE CAST.
WE'RE KIND OF TURNING TO EACH
OTHER GOING, WHAT, DO YOU SAY?"
AND I CAN'T EVEN SAY LIES.
I CAN'T EVEN MAKE SOMETHING UP.
>> Stephen: WHY CAN'T YOU MAKE
STUFF UP?
>> BECAUSE THEN THAT GETS PICKED
UP AND THEY PICK THAT APART AND
ANYTHING THAT MIGHT BE TRUE THEY
NARROWED THAT OUT OF IT.
>> Stephen: THROW STUFF IN
THAT COULDN'T POSSIBLY HAPPEN
LIKE FRODO THROWS A RING IN THE
MOUNT OF DOOM.
WE'VE GOT-- IT'S EVERYWHERE.
EVERYBODY'S TALKING ABOUT IT
NOW.
THIS IS ONE OF THE-- I DON'T
KNOW-- 50 COMMEMORATIVE COVERS
OR SOMETHING THAT "ENTERTAINMENT
WEEKLY" IT PUTTING OUT RIGHT
THERE.
ARE YOU GOING TO MISS-- ARE YOU
GOING TO MISS THE FURZE?
JUST TELL ME IF YOU'RE GOING TO
MISS THE SMELL OF WET FUR, KIT
HARRINGTON?
>> YOU KNOW, IT WEIGHS A TON.
IT SMELLS AWFUL.
>> Stephen: YEAH.
>> IT'S WONDERFUL.
WHENEVER WE WENT OUT THERE AND
YOU PUT IT BACK ON YOU FEEL BACK
IN THE CHARACTER AGAIN.
THAT'S GREAT.
BUT EVERYTHING ELSE ABOUT IT IS
JUST-- IT-- IT LITERALLY-- I
THINK THEY ADDED WEIGHT TO IT
EVERY YEAR.
( LAUGHTER )
JUST BECAUSE, "A," THE COSTUME
DESIGNER HATES ACTORS,
OBVIOUSLY.
AND, LIKE, I THINK THEY JUST
WANTED TO PHYSICALLY TIRE US OUT
BY THE END SO WE NEVER, EVER
WANTED TO DO THE SHOW AGAIN.
(  LAUGHTER  ).
>> Stephen: IF YOU-- IF YOU
HAD TO LIVE IN THE "GAME OF
THRONES" WORLD, WHERE WOULD YOU
WANT TO LIVE?
WHAT-- LIKE, WOULD YOU WANT TO
BE YOUR CHARACTER--
>> NOT BE ON THE WALL.
NOT BE ON THE WALL.
>> Stephen: NOT BE ON THE
WALL.
>> I'D GO TO DORN OR SOMETHING.
>> Stephen: THEY'RE ALL TANNED
THERE.
>> ALL THE OTHER ACTORS WOULD
COME BACK FROM CROATIA.
IT WAS GREAT, WE HAD SILK
COSTUMES.
WE TOOK THEM OFF AT THE END OF
THE DAY WITH OUR MA-GREETERS.
>> Stephen: MARGARITAS.
>> AND I'VE BEEN IN THE RAIN AND
MUD WITH NIGH 15-KILOGRAM
COSTUME FOR THREE MONTHS.
>> Stephen: HOW LONG HAS BEEN
IT BEEN SINCE YOU STARTED
SHOOTING SEASON 1?
>> 10 YEARS 10 YEARS.
>> Stephen: HERE YOU ARE,
FIRST EPISODE, RIGHT, FIRST
SEASON.
>> I COULDN'T EVEN GROW A BEARD
THEN.
THAT BEARD IS DRAWN ON.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> Stephen: WHAT-- DID YOU
HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT YOU WERE
GETTING YOURSELF INTO, LIKE,
WHEN YOU STARTED THIS?
>> NO.
>> Stephen: DID YOU THINK IT
WAS GOING TO BE 10 YEARS OF
THIS?
>> I KNEW-- ALL I KNEW WAS I
BOOKED A PILOT ON AN HBO TV
SHOW, AND THAT WAS JUST WINNING
THE LOTTERY ANYWAY.
LIKE, WHETHER IT WAS GOOD OR
EVEN GOT PICKED UP WAS BY THE BY
FOR ME.
SO, NO, I HAD-- OBVIOUSLY HAD NO
IDEA.
AND TO THINK I'D BE OUT IN NEW
YORK DOING TALK SHOWS OR GOING
TO THE EMMYS OR THE SAGA,
WARDS-- OR WHATEVER-- OR MEETING
SOME OF THE PEOPLE I HAVE,
IT'S-- IT'S EXTRAORDINARY.
AND IT'S SORT OF, AFTER 10 YEARS
OF IT, I'M STILL PINCHING
MYSELF, AND I STILL CAN'T QUITE
GRASP IT.
AND I THINK ABOUT 10 YEARS AGO,
I THINK ABOUT WHO I WAS 10 YEARS
AGO, AND WHAT THE THE WORLD WAS
10 YEARS AGO.
AND I THINK ABOUT IT NOW, AND
WHERE WE ARE NOW AND WHO I AM
NOW.
AND THEY'RE JUST WORLDS APART.
IT'S-- IT'S BEEN --
>> Stephen: THIS SHOW WAS A
BIG CULTURAL DEFINER FOR THE
2010s.
>> YEAH, YEAH.
>> Stephen: SO WE CAN BLAME
YOU.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: FOR WHERE WE ARE
RIGHT NOW.
LAUGH.
>> I'VE GOT THIS THEORY, YOU
KNOW, THAT WE KIND OF SCREWED
THE POLITICAL LANDSCAPE.
I FEEL LIKE--
(  LAUGHTER  ).
>> Stephen: BY MAKING THE
LANNISTERS AN ACCEPTABLE FORM OF
RULING FAMILY?
>> NO, I JUST FELT THAT CERTAIN,
YOU KNOW, POLITICAL FIGURES
TRIED TO EMULATE JOFFREE AND
THINGS WENT A BIT WRONG?
>> Stephen: GOT THE HAIR.
ARE-- DID YOU KNOW HOW THE
SERIES ENDED BEFORE YOU GOT TO
THE END?
LIKE, DID YOU HAVE SOME SENSE OF
WHERE THIS WAS GOING BEFORE YOU
GUYS SHOT THE FINAL STUFF?
>> I HAD MY THEORIES.
I HAD, LIKE, THEORIES ALL ALONG
AND ALL OF THEM WERE WRONG.
THEY WERE ALL WRONG.
AND I'M QUITE GLAD I NEVER TOLD
ANYONE MY THEORIES BECAUSE THEY
WERE ALL WRONG.
>> Stephen: YOU CAN EVEN TELL
US THE WRONG THEORIES.
>> NO, BECAUSE THEN YOU SEE-- I
CAN'T SAY ANYTHING.
>> Stephen: CALCULATEUS
ELIMINATEUS.
THAT'S THE PROBLEM.
>> THIS IS THE PROBLEM, CEIVE.
>> Stephen: YOU'RE A GREAT
GUEST RIGHT NOW.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> YEAH, I'M AWARE OF THAT.
WE HAD A TABLE READ, THOUGH, AND
I WAS THE ONE PERSON WHO HADN'T
READ THE EPISODES.
EVERYONE ELSE HAD HAD THEM,
LIKE, THREE DAYS BEFORE AND READ
THEM.
AND I JUST-- I THINK I TOLD
EVERYONE IT WAS BECAUSE I DIDN'T
WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENED.
BUT I THINK IT WAS JUST LAZINESS
THEY DIDN'T READ THEM.
LAW LAUGH ANYWAY I GOT TO THE
TABLE READ AND THEY USED ME AS A
LITMUS TEST.
THEY WERE LOOKING AT ME TO SEE
MY REACTION AS THE EVENTS
UNFOLDED.
AND THEY GOT SOME PRETTY GOOD
REACTIONS.
IT WAS ALL FILMED --
>> Stephen: WHAT WAS YOUR
REACTION WHEN YOU GOT TO THE
VERY END OF-- CAN YOU TELL US
THAT, WHAT YOUR REACTION WAS?
>> I WAS VERY SHOCKED AND
SURPRISED AT CERTAIN EVENTS
UNFOLDING.
AND THEN I-- THEN I BLUBBED MY
EYES OUT.
>> Stephen: YOU CRIED.
>> I CRIED, YEAH.
>> Stephen: OH, SO IT HAS A
HAPPY ENDING, EVERYBODY...
(  LAUGHTER  ).
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: EVERYBODY, IT'S
ALL A DREAM, YOU WAKE UP AND
EVERYTHING IS FINE.
>> YOU'D BE SO DISAPPOINTED IF
IT JUST ENDED-- ANYWAY, I'M NOT
GOING TO GO DOWN THAT ROAD.
>> Stephen: I'LL BE
DISAPPOINTED-- I'LL BE
DISAPPOINTED WHEN IT ENDS.
LAST SEASON, THIS IS-- THIS IS,
OF COURSE, YOU-- YOUR-- YOUR
LOVER IN THE-- EARLIER IN THE
SEASON IS ROSE LESLYE, GRET.
WHO IS NOW YOUR LOVELY WIFE.
YOU GUYS MET AND GOT MARRIED.
FANTASTIC.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
AND I-- AND I BRING THIS UP,
BESIDES TO CONGRATULATE YOU, TO
ALSO-- TO REMIND THE AUDIENCE
HERE THAT LAST SEASON, I
UNDERSTAND THAT YOU TOLD YOUR
WIFE HOW THAT SEASON ENDED.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: AND THEN SHE WAS
VERY ANGRY THAT YOU TOLD HER.
>> SHE ASKED.
LIKE...
(  LAUGHTER  ).
>> Stephen: NO, WAIT A SECOND
I DIDN'T HEAR THAT PART.
SHE SAID, "HOW DOES IT END?"
AND YOU TOLD HER.
>> SHE ASKED AND I SAID, "YOU
DON'T WANT TO KNOW."
AND SHE SAID, "I WANT TO KNOW."
AND SHE SAID I WANT TO KNOW.
AND I SAID HE DESTROYS THE WALL
AND THE ARMY OF THE UNDEAD COME
RUSHING THROUGH AND IT ENDS
THERE.
AND SHE LOOKED AT ME LIKE...
(  LAUGHTER  )
AND THEN, LIKE, IT WAS LIKE,
"HOW DARE YOU?"
"YOU ASKED."
AND THEN SHE DIDN'T TALK TO ME
FOR, LIKE, TWO DAYS OR
SOMETHING.
SHE'S DOING HER OWN PRESS AT THE
MOMENT.
SHE KEEPS CONTRADICTING
EVERYTHING I SAY, SO --
>> Stephen: DOES SHE KNOW HOW
THIS END?
DID YOU TELL HER HOW THE WHOLE
SERIES ENDS.
>> NO.
>> Stephen: HAS SHE ASKED?
>> YES, YES, SHE HAS GUESSED
EVERY POSSIBLE OUTCOME BAR THE
ONE THAT HAPPENS.
>> Stephen: WHAT HAS HE
GUESSED?
>> I'M NOT TELLING YOU, CEIVEN.
( LAUGHTER )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: NOW, I
UNDERSTAND-- I UNDERSTAND THAT
THE FINAL SIX EPISODES-- HOW
MANY EPISODES ARE THERE THIS
TIME AROUND?
EIGHT?
>> SIX.
>> Stephen: THERE ARE ONLY
SIX.
>> THERE ARE SIX.
>> Stephen: IT TOOK 10 MONTHS
TO FILM.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: AND IT INCLUDES
ONE OF THE BIGGEST BATTLE
SEQUENCES IN FILM.
>> I THINK IT MIGHT BE THE
BIGGEST BATTLE ON TV OR FILM.
I DON'T KNOW.
I COULDN'T SAY FOR SURE.
BUT IT'S UP IS THERE.
>> Stephen: WHAT WAS-- WHAT
WAS THAT LIKE?
HOW LONG DID IT TAKE JUST TO
SHOOT THAT BATTLE?
>> 55 NIGHTS.
>> Stephen: SO THE BATTLE
TAKES PLACE AT NIGHT?
>> WELL, THAT WE CAN SAY, YEAH,
IT DOES.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> Stephen: I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T KNOW.
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT BEFORE AND
NOW I DO.
>> IT'S A NIGHT BATTLE.
>> Stephen: IT'S A NIGHT
BATTLE, OKAY, SURE.
>> IT'S A NIGHT BATTLE.
>> Stephen: UH-HUH.
UH-HUH.
RIGHT.
>> EVERYONE SURVIVES.
>> Stephen: NO ONEIDIZE.
>> NO ONEIDIZE.
>> Stephen: EXACTLY.
>> NO ONE DIES.
>> Stephen: EVERYBODY MISSES,
RIGHT?
SO WHAT'S THAT LIKE, 55-- WHERE
WERE YOU SHOOTING THIS?
>> WE WERE STHOOGHT IN BELFAST.
>> Stephen: WAS THIS IN WINTER
OR SUMMER.
>> IT WAS MIDWINTER.
>> Stephen: MIDWINTER IN
BELFAST AT NIGHT!
THAT MUST SUCK.
>> NO, IT DID.
YOU REALIZE-- YOU REALLY REALIZE
THAT HUMANS ARE NOT NOCTURNAL
CREATURES WHEN YOU PUT A CREW
THROUGH 55 NIGHT SHOOTS.
AND DAVID AND DAN JUST KIND OF
SWORN UP EVERY ONCE A WEEK, AND
THE POISON IN EVERYONE'S EYES
LIKE, "YOU'RE NOT GOING THROUGH
THIS, MAN."
IT WAS-- IT WAS SERIOUS.
YEAH, IT WAS-- IT WAS A LOT TO
ASK.
BUT I THINK IT WILL BE
DEFINITELY WORTH IT.
>> Stephen: WELL, SINCE YOU
CAN'T TELL ME--
>> ANYTHING.
>> Stephen: ANYTHING, I'M
GOING TO-- I'M JUST GOING TO
GUESS SOME THINGS.
AND I KNOW YOU CAN'T-- I KNOW
YOU CAN'T SAY ANYTHING.
>> ARE YOU GOING TO TRY TO READ
IT IN MY EYE S.
>> Stephen: CAN YOU GET A
SINGLE ON KIT, PLEASE?
DON'T PUSH IN YET.
DON'T PUSH IN.
AS EYE
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> DO YOU WANT ME TO LOOK
DOWNTOWN LENS?
>> Stephen: LOOK STRAIGHT INTO
THE CAMERA.
I'LL SAY THESE.
AND YOU TRY TO CONVEY NO
INFORMATION AS I MAKE MY
GUESSES.
>> GOTCHA.
>> Stephen: OKAY?
"GAME OF THRONES" FINALE
THEORIES:
SOMEBODY DIES.
( LAUGHTER )
IN THE FINAL SCENE, WE SEE
GEORGE.
ARE R. MARTIN WATCHING THE
CREDITS ROLL.
HE SAYS, "THAT'S A GREAT IDEA,"
AND FINALLY FINISHES HIS BOOK.
( LAUGHTER )
THE LAST LINE, "TURNS OUT THE
REAL GAME WAS HOW WE MADE
FRIENDS ALONG THE WAY."
(  LAUGHTER  )
>> NO.
>> Stephen: JOURNEYS DON'T
STOP BELIEVING PLAYS, AND WE
SUDDENLY CUT TO BLACK.
(  LAUGHTER  )
THIS IS THE ONE I THINK-- THIS
IS THE ONE I HOPE.
I'M HOPING IT'S GOING TO BE THIS
ONE, SO DON'T-- DON'T BETRAY
ANYTHING.
BECAUSE IF THIS IS THE ONE THAT
I WANT TO HAVE HAPPEN, IT WILL
BREAK MY HEART IF YOU LET ME
KNOW THAT I'M RIGHT AND IT'S NOT
A SURPRISE TO ME.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
CONVEY NO INFORMATION.
I KNOW YOU'RE AN ACTOR.
AND I KNOW THE CAMERA CAN READ
YOUR MIND.
AND I KNOW YOU'RE TRAINED TO
GIVE ME AN EMOTIONAL RESPONSE.
BUT, PLEASE, DO NOTHING WITH
YOUR FACE!
(  LAUGHTER  ).
>> I'M VERY GOOD AT THAT AS JON
SNOW.
>> Stephen: JON SNOW HAS A SON
AND NAMES HIM TONY.
HOW STARK.
TONY STARK, HE'S IRON MAN.
IT'S THE ULTIMATE CROSSOVER!
>> YOU GOT IT.
YOU GOT IT.
>> Stephen: GOT IT OUT OF YOU.
THANK YOU, KIT.
THE FINAL SEASON OF "GAME OF
THRONES" BEGINS APRIL 14 ON HBO.
KIT HARINGTON, EVERYBODY!
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK WITH AMBER
TAMBLYN.